we're here with we're here Chad no talk
about the deck that he played it looks
like the dog's breakfast but actually he
had a different name for it when you
play tell us what you call this thing I
called the brave knight and why'd you
call it the brave knight well primarily
because the the main creature in the
deck is knight of the reliquary how was
that for you in the event oh it was very
powerful it came down it usually could
stand up against tarmogoyf sore other
bigger creatures and you can also use it
for its toolbox land search effect and
let's take a look at the lands you be
searching okay so you've got what 7 11
fetch lands in this day 11 fetch lands
and the importance of the fetch lands
was more for knight of the reliquary
because it grows with female lands in
the graveyards and also with the steppe
lynx you get double trigger yeah yeah
the landfall steppe lynx comes down
early yet the damage now you also have a
tool box of lanter see Gavin a township
ball to the archangel goes quarter and
asagiri step here so i imagine you be
searching those up in emergency
situations where you going offensive
exactly exactly actually a few games
didn't a few games saved me just for
searching a ghost quarters hitting a
hitting some lands in the infect matchup
and one game I had to grab a bulk of
archangels just to get my life up
Township very good and Amir yeah the
toolbox land was amazing I'm curious
like you call this deck of the brave
knight we see the night portion what
makes this night so brave well if you if
you zoom out a little bit you can see
that all the creatures are white and
with all the creatures being one color
you can use brave the elements
specifically white it's into cancer if
you throw people off guard by giving
your creatures protection from the color
of your choice but it only gives it to
white creatures so i called it brave
knight and it stops bored whites did
really well people were very surprised
to see brave the elements SE and now you
have no actual creature search in this
deck so find interesting to find a
signal to the copy of scavenging use
down here where you've got to lingering
souls and you easily could have taken a
who's out to make a third soul because
obviously this is a great day for
souls to explain that to us well the
mentality behind scavenging news yes
there's only one so I may not get it
that consistently but even if I get it
late game there's going to be lots of
creatures in the graveyard and when
scavenging news comes down I got some
extra green man i can always load it up
it it does help against some of the
grave decks it's going to be
inconsistent but it's in there is a is a
man I hope I see my scamming to use it's
also a different color for some of the
matchups that really really hit on white
cards yeah because i was watching the
round timers i was usually done my
rounds before you so you were in those
long grinding games and i'm sure that in
a lot of those games so those would have
eventually found its way to the top and
then onto the field yeah exactly in it
it's a very powerful card there's
there's reason why most of the gun decks
have scavenge e-news main just want to
touch on the brave knight sideboard if
anyone's wondering here let's take a
look at this day we got tattoo choke to
smother a three sony silence to ketaki
three golgari charm and three gadac
Teague so this screams I hate Tron I
hate blue decks and I really hate
artifacts why don't you tell us about it
well I mean whenever you're building a
sideboard generally you'll want to make
a sideboard that helps you against the
matchups your your week against and I i
just found with our with our group
putting this sideboard i worked really
really well the the affinity matchups
just hate dis stony silence and the
especially guard very term actually this
is probably algar hm now why is that so
good against affinity well this is this
card actually is not too commonly seen
in modern yet but a lot of us ran it
this ptq just mainly because of the it's
got three effects the biggest one is it
hits the board from minus one minus one
um it's really really good against
offending to get affinity because most
of their creatures only have one defense
and it has three other effects like
destroying enchantments that really
helps against a twin or anyone else
putting goggles to that seals yelling a
lot of less damage though yeah and also
as regenerate each creature you control
and in a creature deck like mine like
against any kind of bored wipes on top
of the on top of the main deck brave the
elements you can really scare your
opponent really just finish the game
after they
expected the board to be wiped
absolutely and the tacky speaks for
itself gadac teak now I think you
brought that in against Ron and just
made them shed a tear yeah exactly the
Gallic Teague I don't know if there was
too many people playing get a key but if
you can get it down quick enough to
stopping trom from playing anything
above four mana is just really really
good it also stops twin they can't they
can't cast their splinter twin it helps
against the blue white control matchup
when you're doing ya know cryptic snow
wrath so cryptic SAR raft you drop
Teague down it's kind of a I didn't cite
it in too much but I definitely couldn't
see it side side it more often well it's
perfect